Clarify behavior of severity (#300)
dotnet/designs: accepted/2023/preview-apis/preview-apis.md

### Compiler Behavior

The compiler will raise a diagnostic when an experimental API is used, using the
supplied diagnostic ID.

> [!NOTE]

> > The severity is warning, because errors cannot be suppressed.

Reviewer: Per email thread, we ended up landing on unconditional promotion/reporting of this warning as an error. We could add the `/warnAsError:experimental` flag, but we'll still need special knowledge of the error code, so this is just more complicated for not much benefit...
I'm not sure how to word this yet :-/ 
The options I see are: 
1. this is a suppressible error
2. that is a promoted warning
I think we should stick with option 2 (keeps the rule that errors can't be suppressed).
I'll make a corresponding update to the language speclet: https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/pull/7472

>
> However, there will also be a generic compiler diagnostic ID that applies to
> all warnings raised for using experimental APIs (like nullable). The built-in

> > `editor.config` that we ship with the .NET SDK will elevate these warnings to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> `.editorconfig` that we ship with the .NET SDK will elevate these warnings to
```
